Add a note about the transport specification (#1209)
graphql/graphql.github.io: src/content/learn/BestPractice-ServingOverHTTP.md

## Node
If you are using NodeJS, we recommend using either [express-graphql](https://github.com/graphql/express-graphql) or [apollo-server](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server).

## Draft Transport Specification

> A detailed [HTTP & websockets transport specification](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-over-http) is in development. Though it is not yet finalized, these draft specifications are being treated as a single source of truth by graphql client & library maintainers from across language communities for how graphql protocols work. Unlike the language specification, adherence is not mandatory for interoperability, but most implementations are moving towards these standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A detailed [HTTP & websockets transport specification](https://github.com/graphql/graphql-over-http) is in development. Though it is not yet finalized, these draft specifications act as a single source of truth for GraphQL client & library maintainers, detailing how to expose and consume a GraphQL API using an HTTP transport. Unlike the language specification, adherence is not mandatory, but most implementations are moving towards these standards to maximize interoperability.
```
